# FATS WALLER: Ain't Misbehavin'
Father McCabe.
Father.
Sister Agnes Claire.
I thought you'd be with the others
preparing for the
dedication ceremony.
Monsignor Senti is quite upset.
This music is blaring
through the building.
I've piped it through
the public address system.
"Make a joyful noise to the Lord
with songs, cymbals and trumpets!"
Because
despite this blasted depression,
in a neighbourhood that's known
nothing but despair for years,
we've built a hospital, St Eligius.
And look around you!
How can we not revel in
this achievement, this miracle?
Sister, today,
I could wrestle with the devil
himself. Instead, let's dance.
Oh, no. Father McCabe.
Sister, you should get out more.
Loosen up.
Monsignor.
(LAUGHS) Would you care
to listen with me?
You should hear him play When The
Saints Go Marching In. That's grand.
Guests are starting
to arrive for the dedication.
Turn off the radio, Joseph.
# There'll be swinging, swaying,
records playing
# Dancing in the street... #
St Eligius' 50th anniversary
and a party to boot.
# As you are there
# Come on, everybody... #
Have you had any
dizziness or blurred vision?
No.
Terry got sick all over
my blue suede shoes.
Not exemplary behaviour for the
principal of an elementary school.
I've had this headache
for the last two days
and the pain keeps getting worse.
At first, I thought it was that I
kept catching the sixth grade boys
peeking in the girl's room.
Have you had a fever?
Yeah. It was 103 this morning.
What d'you think's wrong?
It could be anything from a flu
virus to neurological dysfunction.
Like what? Like a brain tumour?
Hon, it's not a brain tumour.
I, er... I would like to
have you admitted for tests.
I've got my Peganza Tigers
going up against the
Polar Bear Raiders tonight
in the pee-wee hockey play-offs.
Terence, for once think of
yourself and not all those kids.
Commuter plane went down.
Jump in, Jack.
In a flash.
Would you do a CBC on Mr O'Casey?
I'll get you to as soon as I can.
Over here, with this one.
How does someone
get used to seeing this?
You don't.
I really appreciate you
giving up your lunch hour.
Some people couldn't care less,
but the Historical Society
is putting together
a perspective on this hospital.
It's not every day that St Eligius
celebrates its 50th anniversary.
Do you mind
if I use a tape recorder?
When did you arrive at St Eligius?
1965.
I was Mrs Eisenberg then,
a newly-wed,
and this emergency room
was just being built.
Excuse me, chaps. Do you know
where the Director of Nursing is?
I'm reporting for work.
Nurse Nyquist's office
has been relocated
to the other end of the hall,
but she's never there.
I suggest you wait in Admissions.
It's that way.
Thanks ever so much.
Nice legs.
Donald, our new ER is going
to have all the latest equipment -
heart monitors,
defibrillators,
portable X-ray machines.
Rowley...
Don't you skimp on that insulation.
You've done a wonderful job
as Chief of Services, Daniel.
As the free spirits say nowadays,
I'm feeling groovy.
< Oh, wow. It's time. Turn it on!
'The following programme is brought
to you in living colour on NBC.'
And when the patients arrive
to be admitted, you stand here,
take down the pertinent personal
information and smile. Can you smile?
Oh, come on, Nurse Eisenberg,
you can do better than that.
You won't last a day
around here, limey.
I'm just used to
a tad more responsibility.
All my nurses start out in
Admissions and work their way up
or out that front door.
PHONE RINGS
St Elishius.
Eligius! >
Er, Eligius... Sorry. Hello.
Hello?
What's your name?
Luther.
Mine's Helen. What's the matter?
I miss my mommy.
Where is your mommy?
Upstairs working.
Oh, that's nothing.
My mum's much further away
than that. My mum's in England.
Do you miss her?
Yes, I do, quite a bit.
Why'd you leave?
Oh, because I got married
and my husband wanted me
to come to America.
Are you ever going back home?
No, I don't think so.
You know what you need, Luther?
You need a sweetie.
And I just happen
to have one in my purse.
There...
let's sit up here for a minute.
Hello, Mark. It's great to see you.
Wow. Over the past 10 years,
you've put on some pounds.
Lost a little turf up top, huh?
Daniel asked me to drop by.
Now that Dr Domedion's retired,
St Eligius is in the market
for a new chief of surgery.
I remember when we were residents,
you said you'd never come back here
to work. You promised.
Yeah, well...
The Democrats said they wouldn't
go for Medicare. That Texan, LBJ.
Expect anything from anyone
whose wife's name is Ladybird.
Next car.
And get a haircut, Mary.
I understand you have a wife now.
That's good.
Frankly, I was beginning to wonder.
Where did you meet Mrs Westphall?
She had the lead
in Kiss Me Kate at Emerson.
After the last performance,
I finally got enough nerve
to go backstage.
I hate the theatre.
Saw Neil Simon's The Odd Couple.
It would have been funnier
with two women.
Nobody's done anything
about these lousy clocks.
No.
So, Donald, any kids?
Yeah. A daughter, Elizabeth.
Congratulations. My son
Stephen is nine. Just yesterday,
Ellen took the training wheels
off his bike. I tried
to teach him how to ride.
The kid has no
co-ordination whatsoever.
I'd love to have a son.
Yes, Edgar?
Yes, dinner will be ready.
I'll make it as soon as I get home.
Edgar, I am trying
to be a good wife.
(COUGHS)
Perhaps we'd better
talk about this later.
Ta-ta for now.
Excuse me, man.
My friend isn't feeling too good.
Can you help? He's right over here.
I met him last night in Cambridge
at a welcome back party
for Professor Leary
and the karma was right,
we got it on, but he hasn't
been the same ever since.
What's his name?
Terence O'Casey.
Terry, this man is a doctor.
I'd shake hands with a white rabbit
but I'm not sure
I'd get all my fingers back.
I beg your pardon?
Wow.
Your face is melting.
Don't touch me!
All his energy, it's...
and the colours...
and the laughing...
Oh! Oh!
You know, if this is what life...
life is about,
then John and Paul and Ringo,
they said... No!
I can't get no satisfaction.
Hold my hand, here.
No! I can't get no satisfaction,
satisfaction, satis...
Satisfaction! Satisfaction!
Nurse, this man is psychotic.
Get him into a straitjacket and
up into a padded cell immediately.
I think I can help. Will you let me?
Nurse, get this man into psych.
Now!
Head 'em up and move 'em out...
Rawhide!
Rawhide! Yee-ha!
Come on, horsey.
Hi-ho, Silver! Away!
What's your father's name?
Patrick.
Is he alive?
No. Bum ticker.
Mother's name.
Alison Gladden O'Casey.
Alison Gladden.
How's her health?
I wouldn't know.
Haven't seen her since
the Dodgers won their first series.
Brothers and sisters?
A sister, Sarah,
but she died when she was 13.
My parents never told me why.
Last time we were at St Eligius,
Linda gave me a son.
He's our only child.
My wife gave birth
to our son here, too.
We were in labour for 22 hours.
Linda and I, we worked together.
It was Le Mars.
Pretty radical back in '66.
We felt so cool. I even got to cut
the umbilical cord and everything.
It was early on a Monday morning
Kevin was born.
I remember because I was
driving home to grab a nap,
adrenalin still pumping,
singing, crazy out of my mind.
This cop pulls me over
over on Storrow Drive.
I must have been doing about 90.
But I hop out of the car,
I hop up on the hood
and I shout to this cop,
"You're not giving me a ticket.
"Not today, man. Because today
is the greatest day of my life."
He let you off?
No, not a bet. Didn't matter.
Listen, Doc,
can I ask you a question?
Yep.
Do you think what's
wrong with me is serious?
It's too early to tell.
Hop onto the bed
and we'll finish the exam.
I can't move my legs!
All right, don't panic.
No, I can't move 'em!
OK, just...
BRASS BAND PLAY
Thank you.
Thank you, St Ursula's Band.
At this time, I'd like to introduce
a man who needs no introduction
but will need a lot of money to
run this fine, new institution.
The founder and chief administrator
of St Eligius Hospital,
God's right arm...
Father Joseph McCabe.
Your Eminence, Your Honour,
distinguished guests,
friends, neighbours...
Is this thing on?
Well, the struggle's been hard.
But, today,
we open the doors on
a new era in this community.
No longer will fear and disease live
in the dark corners
of musty tenements. St Eligius
represents a cornerstone
upon which a new prosperity
will be built, a new spirit...
FEEDBACK
This structure will be more
than just mortar and bricks.
But a place of compassion
and comfort for the suffering.
Thanks to all of you who've
helped to make this dream come true.
And for those of you who didn't...
..I have one word of advice.
Don't come near my confessional
because there'll be hell to pay!
LAUGHTER
BAND PLAY
Dr Morrison, where have you been?
Day Care. My son.
I had to pick him up.
The nurse won't let me
go upstairs till visiting hours.
How's my husband?
The nurse won't let me
go upstairs till visiting hours.
How's my husband?
Well... He can't move his legs.
What?!
For now. But his fever's
responding to the antibiotics.
What the hell is wrong with him?
I don't know yet.
Should I contact our son?
I don't wanna bother him unless it's
serious. They aren't getting along.
Call him.
Oh, Phil...
I know, I know.
You want another kerbside.
I'm gonna start taking
a  commission on your patients.
No, no, no. I'm on top of this one.
I'm just not sure.
What do you have?
A 40-year-old white male
who presented earlier today
with severe headaches,
stiff neck, nausea...
Now he's got partial paralysis.
What's your diagnosis?
Aseptic meningitis.
Eh, wrong. That intern,
he just had a patient
with it, the astronaut.
Come on Jack, you gotta
think horses, not zebras.
Mr O'Casey's fever went to 103.
OK, give him a spinal tap, give
him a CAT scan and give me a break.
Oh, oh...
If you're on a break, would you take
my little friend Pete here
up to Susie in accounting?
Sure. What else you gonna ask me to
do, massage your prostate? Come on.
One more question. Father living?
Dead.
No, he's not.
Maybe I'm dead.
Mr O'Casey...
Don't you ever try that again!
I know you're after me, all of you.
No-one is here to hurt  you,
I promise you that.
I came to see  how
Mr O'Casey's doing.
Oh no...
I'm getting smaller.
I stopped growing and now I'm...
shrinking.
Put that gun away!
Let me help him.
Go away!
All right. It's all right.
Everything is all right.
You're going to be fine.
I shrunk.
No, you're crouching in a corner.
And you're in a hospital.
Do you remember taking the acid?
Yes.
Somebody cut my arms off.
You're in a straitjacket.
Mr O'Casey,
I'd like to take care of you -
if you'll let me?
I'm your friend.
Help me.
I will.
How is it possible that
this  hospital is falling apart when
the rest of Boston is undergoing
a tremendous revitalisation?
In fact, this whole neighbourhood
reminds me of Flushing Meadow -
before the World's Fair.
Did you notice they tore down
the tenements in Flannery's pub?
Of course. You call that renovation.
That's demolition.
They're putting in a park.
Daniel,
let's get down to the nitty gritty.
It would be a great coup
for St Eligus
to claim you as
its own chief of surgery.
Of course it would. But first,
here are my final conditions.
Complete charge of the OR
from who scrubs for surgery
to  who scrubs the floor.
Absolutely.
The most sophisticated
up-to-date cardiac  care equipment
at my disposal.
Possibly.
And the same salary I am presently
receiving at Boston General.
Not a chance.
OK, let's forget the whole thing.
Camp Runamuck
runs better than this place.
You're absolutely right.
There's no reason for
you to come back here.
Even though it was Dr Domidion's wish
that you succeed him.
When you left it broke his heart.
Spare me.
Certainly. There is no
possible way I can persuade you.
So...
you just return to Boston General.
And I hope you enjoy working under
their newly-named chief of surgery,
Josiah Bartlett.
I deserved that appointment.
They have a very
political climate over there.
We could have a better surgical
department than Boston General.
They practice department
store medicine over there.
I need to know I'll make
the difference, Daniel.
And if there's anywhere that
people need help, it's here.
Welcome home.
Can you guarantee me at  least
my own parking space?
This anniversary
celebration's a big deal?
It doesn't matter what you wear
as long as you are there.
I'll go inside,
see if the technician's ready...
to do the CAT scan.
Gary...
Kevin's here.
To borrow your mascara?
He's your son.
You could at least meet him halfway.
I may never walk again.
You'll excuse me if
I'm not interested in him
or  his feelings at the moment.
No-one's there.
We had an appointment.
I'll go check the office.
Dad?
I came by cos I'm concerned.
All right, you're concerned.
How are you feeling?
I'm in a lot of pain.
Is there anything I can do?
It's funny that you
wait till now to ask.
Fine. I'll see you
in another two years.
He's out to lunch.
You're telling me.
No, I mean the CAT scan technician.
Don't mean to keep you waiting.
Bored?
Bored? No way!
I'll go call him.
I'm sorry you saw that.
No problem.
You get along with your father?
Don't have one.
It's my fault that Kevin
turned out the way he did.
Get me out of here,
bring me back to my room.
Whatever you say, Mr O'Casey.
Forgive me father,
for I have sinned.
My son, this can wait.
No! No, you came to this
bathroom for a reason.
God lead you here to
hear my confession.
I'm listening.
How have you sinned?
When my wife was young
she had rheumatic fever
and  it damaged her heart.
The doctors warned us she
shouldn't get pregnant as
the strain of childbirth would be
too much for her, she could die.
I use condoms when
I make love to her.
My son...
God has given Anna to you
and you to Anna
so that you can live
together as husband and wife.
But God has also given you ways,
through science and medicine,
to express your love for one another.
What about the church teaching?
I cannot absolve you from your guilt.
But I will tell you
to search your heart.
Pray, and ask for direction.
Thank you, Father.
I haven't absolved you,
but go in peace.
Thank you, Father.
Morrison,
I bumped you from the board.
Whose  taffy are you
trying to pull anyway?
Only a moron would schedule the
procedure room for a two bit spinal.
Mr O'Casey...
Can it!
Give your patient a spinal
in his room or the hallway,
anywhere but near me.
I thought that spinal...
That's your problem,
you think too much.
Or too little, I can't tell.
Didn't you learn anything in that
burrito factory, Carlton University?
Because here in El Americano we
do things with Yankee practicality.
You really do belong
south of the border.
That's great, Luther, thank you.
You know, I was born in St Eligius.
C section. Now I'm in Five East
and I've been hanging around here
one way or another ever since.
That's interesting.
In case you wanted to talk
to somebody from the lower echelon.
Cream?
Yeah, please.
Dr Westphall, you grew up
around St Eligius, didn't you?
Yes, not very far from here.
My father, he was a schoolteacher.
Shandy Englishman... Thank you.
Teaching shandy Irish kids,
and almost every day I'd walk home
with him, right down this street.
Tell me about when you were
named  director of medicine.
That was 1975.
Hi, Dad!
Hi!
Knock first.
Your father's very busy.
She doesn't have to knock.
How did everybody do?
Dr Carlyle gave Tommy and Lizzie
both a clean bill of health.
Dad, the nurse said she'd give me
some candy. Can I go see her?
Sure.
Take your brother.
Hi!
A little lower, will you?
I've been thinking...
If you can get the weekend,
we can take the kids
to  visit my sister on the lake.
I have a board meeting Friday,
that would mean getting a late start.
Still, it'd be so great
for  us all to get out of the city.
Yeah.
I'd like to get Tommy on his skates.
Honey, I know we've been
putting this off,
but Mary Carlyle
said we have to decide
how we are going to
deal with Tommy's autism...
He's two. We don't know that.
Nothing has happened in a year.
He just sits and
stares his life away.
PAGER
Yeah?
I'll be right there.
I have a consult.
Let's talk about this later, huh?
What do you want for dessert?
Ice cream.
Would you pick it  up
on your way home?
Bye.
Brooks, trim that beard.
You interns are very fortunate.
Not only because
you're working for me...
Weinberger, can you see
through those jelly jar bottoms?
But because you're the first class
to have a first-class
bypass machine.
You're riding the crest of the wave
of a new medical phenomenon.
Allen, Burns, each grab
hold of this plastic, will you?
Look at this.
Custom tubing,
haemostasis filters, tachometer,
membrane oxygenator.
Top of the line.
Technology that will carry us
into the 21st century.
Oh, for crying out loud!
What you want me to do now, Mom?
Play with your brother.
He's so boring.
I wish I had a sister
instead, or a pony.
Besides, I have homework to do.
Turn the radio off, please.
Hi.
< Hi, Daddy!
Hi! >
Careful, lipstick.
Want a cocktail?
No, thanks. And you really
don't need one, either.
Did you pay the fuel oil bill?
No, I thought you were gonna do it.
Hi, sport.
How's my boy, huh?
Can you say Daddy?
Daddy?
Boy, he's getting heavy, isn't he?
Don't beat yourself up about this.
Tommy's never gonna be the son you
imagined, but whatever it takes,
we'll see that he lives as
normal a life as possible.
Promise?
We're in this together.
Right.
The drier.
Don't go away.
Come on, Tommy, my darling.
You can help your mom, huh? Come on.
Oh, honey, I bought two
theatre tickets from Dr McDuffin.
Some sort of whodunnit.
That was sweet of you. >
Yeah. They're for next Wednesday.
The theatre, on a weekday night? >
Why not? You love the theatre.
You always say by the second act>
you feel like you're
gonna die in that chair! >
Donald, you work hard. >
You should come home, eat dinner,
turn on the Rockford Files, >
slide into police woman
and call it tonight. >
< Come here, sport.
Your daddy brought home
your  favourite dessert.
Oh, I forgot the ice cream.
No, no. I'll go.
You're a big-shot
director of medicine now.
Stay here,  stir the stew
every 10 minutes.
And while I'm gone,
would you pay some bills?
Yes.
Thank you.
Hey!  O'Casey!
What d'you think you're doing?
Having a late-night snack.
Eat those eggs and hot  cakes
and you're a dead man.
I'm hungry. Driving a bakery truck,
I usually just reach in the back
and snatch something off the rack.
Yeah, well, one day
your heart'll give out
and they'll be scraping you
off the road. Come on over here.
Damn nurse wouldn't
give me any dinner.
That's because you are
being operated on in the morning.
Oh, I am?
I've got the results
of your angiogram.
Your cholesterol level
is hovering  around 500,
your blood pressure
has gone into orbit
and there are barges
of fat clogging your arteries.
So I'm gonna do a coronary bypass.
What's that?
We put you on a machine
that  takes over for your heart,
then we bypass the faulty artery
and then we restart your heart -
ping, ping, ping.
I don't know.
I'm gonna save your life.
A year ago, I couldn't have
offered you that hope.
Think of all you've got to live for.
Your son, what's his name?
Terence.
And your grandson?
Kevin.
Oh, you Irish are about
as original as a doughnut!
So, do I have your
complete co-operation?
Sir.
Good.
See you first thing in the morning.
You, me and the bypass machine.
Doctor? How many of these
operations have you performed?
You're the first - wish me luck.
Good luck.
I itch all over.
You're having an allergic
reaction to the CAT scan dye.
God, I can't stand this!
Would you do something, Doc?
We'll give you
a shot of Benadryl.
When the hell are you gonna
figure out what's wrong?
I'm trying, Mr O'Casey.
How's Terry?
Uncomfortable.
Starting to get unpleasant.
How much longer till
you know something?
The spinal tap was inconclusive,
and I still haven't got a result
from the CAT scan.
(SIGHS)
Why don't you get
your son to take you home?
Kevin left. Said he'd picked
me up in a couple of hours.
God, I need some fresh air.
I know it's none of my business,
and you can tell me so,
but what is going on between
Mr O'Casey and your son?
My husband comes from
a proud Catholic family.
His grandfather escaped the
potato famine, arrived in America,
got a job doing pick and shovel
work on the railroad.
Terry's father Patrick
worked in the mills.
After that job went south,
he drove a bakery truck.
The O'Caseys never had much to pass
on except hope and the family name.
Now all that's gonna
stop with our son, Kevin.
Why?
He's homosexual.
What's that, Luther?
The police wanted us to post
these missing child bulletins.
Some maniac grabbed a three-year-old
from right in the
middle of the common.
Well, in my first year, Daniel,
as Director of Medicine,
I had to sit by and watch this
neighbourhood get poorer and poorer.
Of course, hospital costs increased
and no-one could afford to pay, so
St Eligius built up a huge deficit.
Must have been
a traumatic time for you.
Yes, it was.
When the heck are we gonna eat?
Soon as your mom gets back, honey.
I don't know what's keeping her.
Dad?
Yeah? >
Will I have to leave my school
and go to an all-black one?
Why would you think that?
Well, the older kids are
saying we're gonna be bussed.
Why would the teachers
be so mean to us?
Lizzie, you can't take
this personally. >
This is just a partial remedy
to a very complex situation.
I think it stinks.
PHONE RINGS
I'll get it. Probably Betty Russell.
Hi.
Oh, yeah. Sure.
Dad, for you.
Who is it?
Yes?
Yes, it is.
Yes, I'll...I'll be right down.
You get your coat.
What's wrong, Dad?
Your mom's been in an accident,
honey. I'll get your brother.
I hope you're asking forgiveness.
Actually, I was deciding whether
to stop by Flannery's for a pop.
Forgiveness for what?
I just finished speaking
with Father Bernard.
He told me at breakfast this morning
you engaged him in a theological
discussion about birth control.
Father Bernard would be a plumber
today if the priesthood required
a vow of silence.
God has set us upon
this earth to multiply.
Interference is a transgression
against his will.
Contraception is a way of preventing
dangerous and unwanted pregnancies.
At a time when babies don't have
enough food in their bellies
or warm clothes on their shivering
bodies, we can't continue to
multiply in blissful ignorance.
St Eligius is a Catholic hospital.
And you, as its chief administrator,
are accountable to God,
to the archdiocese.
I'm aware of that, Monsignor.
I have chosen my faith
and guide my ways accordingly,
but I will not require that every
suffering human who arrives here
be converted before being given
shelter. That's not compassion.
You laboured to build this hospital.
Running it will be even more
difficult without church funds.
Are you threatening me?
I don't like you, McCabe.
You're a smoothie from Southie.
You wear a clerical collar so people
will think you're a good person,
without doing anything to earn it.
And you're a petty bureaucrat
who uses the power of
the Catholic Church
as if Jesus Christ was your idea!
Out of shape!
Oh, Phil.
Thanks so much for suggesting
the CAT scan on Mr O'Casey.
He had an allergic
reaction to the dye.
Medicine's a judgment call.
You screwed up - you trusted me.
I need the test results
on Terence O'Casey's CAT scan.
I just called my wife, said
I was on my way home for lunch.
Tortellini. Mwah!
The print-out, please. O'Casey.
O'Casey.
Yeah.
O'Casey...
Not here. Come back after lunch.
You look again.
It's not here.
Neither was the tech when
I came down here earlier.
If you're through, so am I.
Wait a second...
Look, I've got a patient upstairs,
I gotta pick up my son...
Whoa, whoa. Take it easy.
BANGING ON DOOR
Come on, open up! >
I wake up in the morning
and I dread coming to work.
I get here, I wanna leave.
Hey!
And I know what we do
is important, it's necessary.
Patients depend on us.
They put their trust in us.
And how do we respond?
By losing their paperwork, leaving
them stranded in the hallway,
treating them like
a bunch of symptoms.
And we've abdicated our authority
to technology, to machines.
Now, I may not be the best doctor
in this hospital,
but I care about the people I treat
and I won't let one die
just because my...
my lunch is getting cold.
And my leg itches.
Any change?
No.
John up in Neurology did a
whole battery of tests on her.
Brain stem is damaged,
Daniel, very badly.
What are you gonna do?
What am I gonna do?!
I wait and I pray, same thing I did
with my father after his stroke.
10 years I sat by his
bedside waiting for a miracle.
And you're prepared to
do that all over again?
If I have to.
Donald, even if some day
Marin's heart and lungs
could return to normal function,
her brain is dead.
Daniel, I can't reconcile the
medical facts with what I'm feeling
in my heart. That's my wife.
That's the most vital
human being I've ever known.
She taught me to open up.
I can't imagine life without her,
without that force.
Marin's suffering's over.
Yours is just beginning.
You've got to decide what's best for
your family and, more importantly,
what's best for her.
I'm scared, Daniel. I really am.
What about those kids? How the
hell am I gonna handle Tommy?
She'd laugh at my indecision.
I don't say you've got
to decide this right now.
But if it's her time,
you've got to let her go.
Oh...
With the bypass graft in place,
I have successfully restored
ample coronary circulation.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Mr Patrick O'Casey lives,
thanks in no small way to
the wonders of science and me.
Burns, you close.
Allen, watch, because
you really need the time.
And Weinberger,
you were adequate.
As always.
You're the best.
Ah, the lovely O'Casey family.
How's my father?
I saved his life.
He should be peddling those pastries
well after the retirement age.
We don't know how to thank you.
Just pay the bill.
And get this brat out of here.
This is a surgical area for
crying out loud, not a playpen.
Thank you, Doctor.
Your grandpa's all better!
Boy, you're getting heavy!
Already out of breath.
Come on, sweetie.
Isn't it great?
Do something, please!
What happened?
He was drinking. He choked
and stopped breathing.
What's wrong with him?
I don't know yet.
You're a doctor,
you should know.
Ellen, not now.
He's gonna die, isn't he?
My husband's gonna die.
He's not. Not while I'm around.
Let's intubate and get
him on a respirator.
What was this neighbourhood like
when you were growing up?
Mrs Meredith, you'll have to
excuse me. I have to go on rounds.
Can we talk again later?
I don't think I have
much more to tell you.
I'll call you.
Daddy, I wanna stay in
here with you and Mommy.
Sweetheart, I want you to be Daddy's
very strong little girl, right?
You're gonna have to
help me take care of Tommy.
But I'm so scared!
I know, sweetie. I know it.
Why don't you go back to the waiting
room and ask Aunt Constance to take
you to get an ice cream cone, right?
Want one?
No, thanks.
Give your mom a kiss, huh?
Night, Mommy.
I love you, lady.
Always have and always will.
Breaks my heart.
Just keep an eye on Terry tonight.
Yes, I will. I'll have you paged if
there's any change in his status.
Thanks.
Hey!
Hey, what are you doing with my son?!
Where are you going?
Wait!
Where the hell
are you going with my son?!
Pete?
Pete?!
Subtitles by
Red Bee Media Ltd